
What is the percentage of non-default?

What is the default rate for the group of customers whose purpose is business?

Provide the plot which shows the distribution of credit_amount.

Are there any transformations you would suggest to implement towards credit_amount variable?
                  We can transform credit_amount variable into 1 and 0, where 1 is high( greater than mean) and 0 is low(less
                   than mean).
                   
Analyze/visualize the variable duration_in_month by creating a boxplot, scatter plot or in any other mean you
find appropriate. Given your analysis, do you expect this variable to have a significant impact on default?
Why/Why not?
                     Yes, I think it has significant impact on default as the mean and media for 0 and 1 are not in the same level,
                      and also the range is different.
                      
Insert below the plot which shows the count of observations in each category of purpose variable per group
of default (i.e. countplot of purpose, using default as a grouping variable).

Considering the same variable that you analyzed in previous question, is there a category of that
variable that you believe might have a significant effect on default? Why/why not?
             I think it has a significant impact. Although for every category 0s are greater than 1s, but the default rate is
              different for each category of purpose.
              
Which numeric variables have correlation > 0.6 in absolute values? Are those correlations positive or
negative?

For simplicity convert all the categorical variables to dummies. How many variables do you have now?
Build a logistic regression model and tune hyperparameters to achieve competitive performance as measured
by ROC AUC. Write down the best values of hyperparameters you achieved for your model.

Implement the same task as above yet for the Decision Tree model this time.

List top 3 most important features (and relative importances in brackets) according to the Decision Tree.
                  account_check_status_no checking account
                  duration_in_month
                  property_real estate
                  (purpose_domestic appliances,
                  age)
For both, best Logistic Regression and Decision Tree models provide the following evaluation metrics.
                    Train set:
                    Accuracy
                    ROC_AUC
                    Recall
                    Test set
                    Accuracy
                    ROC_AUC
                    Recall

Given the two model above, which model do you prefer and why? Please, explain.
                           I would prefer Logit. Although the difference between train and test is greater in Logit, but it has higher
                          measures.
